docs: define practices for third-party extensible APIs (#586)
electron/governance: wg-api/best-practices.md

See https://w3ctag.github.io/design-principles/#prefer-dict-to-bool for more details.

> ### Should the configured options be made extensible to third-party libraries?
> 
> If an API accepts configuring options, should it provide the ability to append to rather than replace those options?
> Would third-party libraries require special attention to API usage to avoid clobbering configured options?

Reviewer: I think this might actually apply to more than just configuring options, though that's the most obvious case. Here's some suggested tweaks to prompt us to think more broadly about how loosely coupled code will interact with an API. Feel free to edit further (or ignore) if you don't like my wording 😄 

```suggestion
### How will third-party libraries interact with this API?

When designing an API, consider that an app might have custom code and third-party libraries that both interact with that API. Can the API be designed so that multiple callers don't interfere with each other?

If an API accepts configuring options, should it provide the ability to append to rather than replace those options?
Can third-party libraries use the API without knowing what app-specific code is also using the API?
```

Author: Good point, and I like your phrasing better 👍

See https://w3ctag.github.io/design-principles/#prefer-dict-to-bool for more details.

> ### How will third-party libraries interact with this API?

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the guidelines are applied to only 3rd party libraries? Perhaps we can make the title more generic like "How will different components interact with this API?" because I feel like this is helpful for the API author to think about not just 3rd party libraries, but also multiple internal modules interacting, or plugins or extensions.

See https://w3ctag.github.io/design-principles/#milliseconds

### Provide create/read/update/delete options when dealing with arrays

If an API is designed to accept an array of items, consider providing methods of creating, reading, updating, and deleting items.

In the case of third-party libraries, one might want to add a single item rather than replacing existings items.

```js
// Bad: third-party libraries can only replace registered schemes
protocol.registerSchemesAsPrivileged([
  { scheme: 'app', privileges: { standard: true } }
])

> // Good: third-party libraries can create, read, update, and delete items
> if (protocol.getRegisteredSchemes().includes(scheme => scheme.scheme === 'app')) {
>   protocol.unregisterScheme({ scheme: 'app' })
> }
> protocol.registerScheme({ scheme: 'app', privileges: { standard: true } })
> protocol.updateScheme({ scheme: 'app', privileges: { secure: true } })

Reviewer: I know this API doesn't actually exist, but if we were to implement this API, would there be a reason to have `unregisterScheme` take a dictionary rather than just being `protocol.unregisterScheme('app')`? I can't think of any other properties we'd ever want to add to this dictionary.

Also suggesting tweaks to API names since we're potentially going to point that PR at these docs as guidance for their API. There's an important distinction between registering schemes (can happen at any time) and registering schemes as privileged (must happen before `ready` event).

```suggestion
// Good: third-party libraries can create, read, update, and delete items
if (protocol.getPrivilegedSchemes().includes(scheme => scheme.scheme === 'app')) {
  protocol.unregisterSchemeAsPrivileged('app' )
}
protocol.registerSchemeAsPrivileged({ scheme: 'app', privileges: { standard: true } })
protocol.updatePrivilegedScheme({ scheme: 'app', privileges: { secure: true } })
```
